Chen Gaoyang greets His Majesty
Under the beams of Linjiang City, the Justice Army Xiao
The county magistrate said in Douze
You want to rebuild the tiger teeth.
Ade, the cultivator who organizes the overall situation
Investors can be spared three years of injury
this matter
It's true.
Be clever
It's done
Please also ask Your Majesty's permission
A hundred years ago, the crushing rod was higher than ten
You know there's been outrage.
How many people are struggling
The people were starving
Gao Jade squeezes the people like this
Is it suitable for high jade?
Oppress the people and entertain the people
Is it a great sin?
Did you give him a reason to be happy?
I once wanted to ask General Wang and Cui Zhuang
Already full
A question for the plate and the waves of this official
Before leaving Pingjiang City
Her family has already dropped 7.50 billion
The addition of Liangshan from other places
Local master of Liangshan
Her family has even dropped to 50 places
Let's say it's five billion.
Really, all the common people can afford it?
Is there really so many disaster victims in Haoding?
Blindly opening the warehouse and releasing grain can only delay the death of the people
People don't have work.
No money to make
This is the real blind grain
It can even lead to some disaster victims
Waiting for disaster food every day
There's not enough food.
In this way, only the work-waiting certificate can be obtained.
Let the common people work
Making money is the best policy
What is lonely
During the Great Calamity
The common people have no money in their hands
We can't afford food.
But they have labor.
Therefore, the minister dared to propose renovating the mansion
Not for the people of Zhenjiang
But to let the rich people in Linjiang City see
Under natural disasters
Ordinary people can eat for a bite
And low-priced dry goods
For example, as long as Shiwen Uprising
With the addition of a wide range of disaster victims, you can thank the arrest
If it is a big complex
Plus young oysters
In addition, grain prices in Linjiang City have stabilized
Then a large number of disaster victims will be able to survive
Go here.
Is it to lead the array with merit?
What a good lead
But of course, it's based on power
Why is Lord He so popular?
Every year he engraved on the people of Dacha
His labor is only 30 to 100 cents
It has been pressed very low before
General Wang
If you don't know fame, you can keep quiet
Proper silence without shame is better than a generous smile
Gao Xiaoxiao
Let me die
Dingguo Kung Fu people
It's not your old man's turn to threaten
There is an old man here and you have the right to speak